it has been six years since more salt
wanna sectional I will just tell you
this upfront there are very few people
and to think that the force on Tigers
have any shot of winning this game
sup she goes in the tip control by for
the acidic
city leaves also Cyclonus temple in the
lane rolled it over the city leads 18
Elliot the rock school behind an insane
way Kristina
clemont's runs down a lone rider key
without to Cabrera for three more saw
has come roaring back
by Clemens 20 seconds left to play in
the game warsaw sound like one basket
looking for the upset perhaps of a
lifetime
the future
if you watching me never stop believing
things you can't believe in anyone
conscious decisions to make
I just started passing to my teammates
trusting my teammates and paid off in
the end
we definitely really interested having
you come over and take a look at what
we're trying to do
very good looking forward to having you
okay we'll see
you